Relatively simple program I wrote some time ago as an exercise. This program will perform a series of operations on a 4x10 representation of a standard QWERTY keyboard. Those operations are read from a string of valid characters (H, V, and S) that correspond to one of three different operations: flip the keyboard about its horizontal axis (H), flip the keyboard about its vertical axis (V), or shift the columns of the keyboard by a specified amount (S&lt;number&gt;) where &lt;number&gt; is the amount to shift and can be positive, negative, or zero. This string is referred to as a cipher. As an example, a cipher of S3HVS2 would first shift all of the characters on the keyboard 3 spaces to the right, then flip horizontally, then flip vertically, then shift 2 more spaces right. After all of the operations are performed a specified input string is then 'typed' onto the newly transformed keyboard. So if the cipher were 'S1' and the input string to be retyped were 'DOG' then the expected output would be 'SIF'. The code is not the most efficient, production-level code - again, this was done as a simple exercise - but I think it's organized reasonably well and deserved a spot in my github in the event I get bored again and want to add on to it in the future.

The entry point to run the application is the main.py script in the root directory - simply execute that and you're off to the races! The CIPHER and INPUT_STRING variables are also in main.py to provide different inputs. Test discovery via python3 -m unittest discover can be run in the root directory to execute all of the unit tests if desired.